README.md, before:


# Couchbase Lite Community Edition 2.0+

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

**Couchbase Lite** is an embedded lightweight, document-oriented (NoSQL), syncable database engine.

Couchbase Lite 2.0+ has a completely new set of APIs. The implementation is on top of [Couchbase Lite Core](https://github.com/couchbase/couchbase-lite-core), which is also a new cross-platform implementation of database CRUD and query features, as well as document versioning.

This repo contains the code for the community editions of the Java-language family of products
for Couchbase Lite 2.0+.  This includs the Java AppServer and Android products.
Couchbase Lite 2.0+ is a completely new product, utterly divergent from the 1.0 version

## Issues

Please file any issues for either the Java AppServer or the Android product, here.  Be sure to specify which you are using!

## Documentation

See: Developer Guide [Android](https://docs.couchbase.com/couchbase-lite/2.7/java-android.html), [Java](https://docs.couchbase.com/couchbase-lite/2.7/java-platform.html)

## Sample Apps

See: Todo [Android](https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-training-todo/tree/release/mercury/android), [Java Desktop](https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-training-todo/tree/release/mercury/java-desktop), [Java Web Service](https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-training-todo/tree/release/mercury/java-ws)

## Downloading

This project is a git repository with submodules.  To check it out, clone this root repository:

`git clone https://github.com/couchbase/couchbase-lite-java-ce-root --recurse-submodules`

or

`git clone https://github.com/couchbase/couchbase-lite-java-ce-root`
`git submodule update --init --recursive`

## Organization

There are two important top level directories:

* ce - This contains directories for product-specific code for each of the two products, Java and Android
* common - This contains code that is used by the entire Java language product family

The other important directory, `core` contains the code for Couchbase Lite Core.  Both products depend on a LiteCore library.  The Android product builds it as part of a normal build.  The Java AppServer product does not  but there are tools in this repository that will build it and put it in the right place.

## Building

To build a product, navigate to the product home directory (ce/android or ce/java) and follow the detailed insturctions there.

Note: the top level gradle build will build both products, but only if both are correctly configured.  At the very least, you will need:

* local.properties files in this and both product directories
* a LiteCore binary in `./common/lite-core/`

## License

Apache 2 [license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Update proguard rules in README

README.md, after:


# Couchbase Lite Community Edition 2.0+

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

**Couchbase Lite** is an embedded lightweight, document-oriented (NoSQL), syncable database engine.

Couchbase Lite 2.0+ has a completely new set of APIs. The implementation is on top of [Couchbase Lite Core](https://github.com/couchbase/couchbase-lite-core), which is also a new cross-platform implementation of database CRUD and query features, as well as document versioning.

This repo contains the code for the community editions of the Java-language family of products
for Couchbase Lite 2.0+.  This includs the Java AppServer and Android products.
Couchbase Lite 2.0+ is a completely new product, utterly divergent from the 1.0 version

## Issues

Please file any issues for either the Java AppServer or the Android product, here.  Be sure to specify which you are using!

## Documentation

See: Developer Guide [Android](https://docs.couchbase.com/couchbase-lite/2.7/java-android.html), [Java](https://docs.couchbase.com/couchbase-lite/2.7/java-platform.html)

## Sample Apps

See: Todo [Android](https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-training-todo/tree/release/mercury/android), [Java Desktop](https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-training-todo/tree/release/mercury/java-desktop), [Java Web Service](https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-training-todo/tree/release/mercury/java-ws)

## Downloading

This project is a git repository with submodules.  To check it out, clone this root repository:

`git clone https://github.com/couchbase/couchbase-lite-java-ce-root --recurse-submodules`

or

`git clone https://github.com/couchbase/couchbase-lite-java-ce-root`
`git submodule update --init --recursive`

## Organization

There are two important top level directories:

* ce - This contains directories for product-specific code for each of the two products, Java and Android
* common - This contains code that is used by the entire Java language product family

The other important directory, `core` contains the code for Couchbase Lite Core.  Both products depend on a LiteCore library.  The Android product builds it as part of a normal build.  The Java AppServer product does not  but there are tools in this repository that will build it and put it in the right place.

## Building

To build a product, navigate to the product home directory (ce/android or ce/java) and follow the detailed insturctions there.

Note: the top level gradle build will build both products, but only if both are correctly configured.  At the very least, you will need:

* local.properties files in this and both product directories
* a LiteCore binary in `./common/lite-core/`

## Using the Library

If you minify (Proguard) an application that uses CouchbaseLite you will need to add a few rules to your
Proguard configuration.  The rules are listed [here](https://docs.couchbase.com/couchbase-lite/2.7/java-android.html#ruleset)

## License

Apache 2 [license](LICENSE).
